OSDOCS-16873-3: CQA 2.0 for SCALE-3 Low-Latency/CNF Provisioning (#107141)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-about-hyperthreading-for-low-latency-and-real-time-applications.adoc

[id="cnf-about-hyper-threading-for-low-latency-and-real-time-applications_{context}"]
= About Hyper-Threading for low latency and real-time applications

[role="_abstract"]

> To improve system throughput for parallel workloads, Hyper-Threading enables a physical CPU core to function as two logical cores, executing independent threads simultaneously. The default {product-title} configuration expects Hyper-Threading to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve system throughput for parallel workloads, you can use Hyper-Threading to enable a physical CPU core to function as two logical cores, executing independent threads simultaneously. The default {product-title} configuration expects Hyper-Threading to be enabled.
```
